this is and repair a lot I'm kinda in
the doldrums right now I just got this
email and I've gotten a lot of emails in
the past this one it just really hit
home for me I realized now that all
these years that I've been trying to
make decisions based on science trial
and error and common sense I was just I
was wrong I was so wrong
I should have all this time just been
looking for a guru who knew better than
me and now I'm I've had the error of my
ways pointed out to me I've just become
this fat uncoordinated unathletic and
most of all under carved man and not
only that but I realized that I may have
led my girlfriend astray by telling her
that she should also be brought in that
she should keep going on the path she
was going that it was working so well
but it seemed at the time that it was a
good idea but I realized now that it was
the wrong decision I I don't think I can
really express in words the error that
I've come to but I thought perhaps I
would just read this email to you said
against a montage video of the
mediocrity and patheticness of my own
existence and that maybe that would
dissuade others from trying to think
logically about subjects here we go
anonymous do-gooder this Messiah of the
raw food movement writes to me from D UD
1 zj u + 500 ug MW at guerrilla mail
calm with the subject line how to fix
your raw foodist problems hi Andrew I've
been watching your videos for a few
years now but more and more I find your
stances to be intolerable misinformed
and pompous you may not like this advice
but because you're already fat
uncoordinated coordinated and
super on athletic it's important that
you do this it will completely change
your life a year ago I started the raw
till 4 program so I eat a raw food diet
like you but with cooked food in one
video I saw durianrider explaining how
you really eat turkey burgers and
Pringles because you calorie restrict
and that's what makes you fat
you also fastened for 26 days which is
horrible and slows your metabolism so I
shouldn't have to go over that part
anyway I thought I could help a bit
because I've been wearing the longer
this is the advice I wish I'd had when I
first started trying to be wrong part of
the time first off you really need to
eat more I saw your video on buying raw
food on a budget but you're not buying
enough you can't get more than 2500
calories from that which isn't enough
first off I want you to increase your
calorie consumption to 4,000 a day
minimum if you want to give it a fair
try there's really a 4 year minimum less
than that and your metabolism won't be
adjusted to eating more calories a big
guy like you needs the calories you're
probably wondering why this is so first
off you'll start losing weight I lost 10
pounds after starting raw till 4 this is
because of dietary thermogenesis
I saw you made a video about this but I
thought it was BS stop trying to support
your BS with studies it doesn't convince
anyone calorie restricting obviously
isn't working for you so try eating more
you're overfeeding videos were also BS
this time instead of burgers and chips
you should eat through only more fruit
and rice and potatoes if you want to be
healthy and fit you need to be gaunt in
your videos I should see your hollow
cheekbones this means you're healthy and
fit second off and I think you'll like
this eating more calories from carbs
will make you fitter and more energetic
I want you to get a GPS and start using
the website Strava you mispronounced it
in one of your videos from last
you say you're fit in your videos
already but you can't verify this you'll
only be fit when you can be lots of
people and runs on bike runs and on bike
rides
that's what Strava is good for the GPS
tells you how fast you can go otherwise
I don't see how you can possibly verify
that you're fitting not just full of the
yes I saw you walking in one video and
you're obviously uncoordinated
besides being overweight biking and
running will make you much more
coordinated fit and capable of doing a
lot of strength exercise that's that's
good this I've also seen your girlfriend
in your videos she's also looking
unathletic from eating all wrong
restricting calories in not exercising
like freely does the only way to remedy
that is by doing exercise and the only
way she'll do that is to eat more carbs
at least 3,000 calories a day is
probably good for her but you can tell
her she can eat more if she wants I'd
like to see her Strava times 2 so
besides that if you want to be this
strength athlete maybe you could shoot a
video of doing like 15 or 20 push-ups
that would can be convincing too but
really that's not what Fitness is about
you need to work the cardio really hard
I hope this email snaps you out of your
delusions about being healthy and fit
get real eat the carbs and feel more
alive and be more fit try that and see
how it works
so guys I hope you were as moved by that
life-changing email as much as I was
keep it cool keep it raw you know
probably all that other stuff that guy
says - now I gotta go find a GPS
watching a lot of dates